Minor fixes (#8)
eranco74/sno-relocation-poc: README.md

### Generate the image template
Install SNO cluster with bootstrap-in-place:

- Set `PULL_SECRET` environment variable to your pull secret:
```bash
make start-iso
```

> monitor the progress using `cd ./boostrap-in-place-poc/make ssh` and `journalctl -f -u bootkube.service` or `kubectl --kubeconfig ./bootstrap-in-place-poc/sno-workdir/auth/kubeconfig get clusterversion`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
monitor the progress using `make -C bootstrap-in-place-poc/ ssh` and `journalctl -f -u bootkube.service` or `kubectl --kubeconfig ./bootstrap-in-place-poc/sno-workdir/auth/kubeconfig get clusterversion`.
```
